docs(pie-docs): update engineer and foundation pages copy (#343)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/foundations/spacing/overview.md

### Padding

> Padding is the distance between elements within a component, and can be applied vertically any horizontally.

Reviewer: Is this definition accurate? I'd say the distance between elements is margin, and padding is the distance between the edge of a component and its content.
```suggestion
Padding is the distance between elements within a component, and can be applied both vertically and horizontally.
```

Reviewer 2: Yep, what you suggested is more accurate. Would you mind putting it into words and sharing so it can be updated? Thanks!

Reviewer 3: 👍

> Padding is the distance between elements within a component, and can be applied vertically any horizontally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Padding is the distance between the edge of an element and its content. It can be specified horizontally, vertically, or both.
```

Reviewer 3: 👍

Margins are the distances between components and can be applied vertically and horizontally. They define the relationship between components, layout and viewport size.

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/foundations/spacing/margin-01.svg",
width: "224px",
caption: "The example above shows a 16px margin between two buttons."
} %}

### Dimensions

Dimensions describe the overall width and height of a component or design element. While vertical dimensions should always stick to our spacing scale, horizontal dimensions are not specified because they are responsive to the viewport’s width.

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/foundations/spacing/dimensions-01.svg",
width: "360px",
caption: "The example above shows how a primary button’s width spans across 328px to fit the width of the x-small layout."
} %}

---

## Element first approach

Our main approach for designing components can be categorised as ‘element first’. This means that the sizing of components and design elements takes priority when matched to our predetermined spatial system. We follow this approach to keep a consistent rhythm within the overall composition and layout of our designs.

> For instance, an element might be set to always have a height of 48px, regardless of the content found inside it. This means that if the component has different variations (like different typographic sizes) it will always preserve a 48px height, and it’s the internal padding that’s going to change to accommodate the difference in height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, an element might be set to always have a height of 48px, regardless of the content found inside it. This means that if the component has different variations (like different typographic sizes) it will always preserve a 48px height, and the internal padding will change to accommodate the difference in height.
```

Reviewer 3: 👍

### Layout spacing

> Horizontal spacing within design layouts should always try to adhere to our predefined grids.  As we follow an element-first approach, try to expand your components to fill up the necessary columns within the Grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Horizontal spacing within design layouts should always try to adhere to our predefined grids. As we follow an element-first approach, try to expand your components to fill up the necessary columns within the grid.
```

> Regarding vertical spacing, make sure to use spacing as a way to create meaningful blocks of content, using bigger and smaller spacing measures to improve the visual hierarchy of your layout and to keep a consistent vertical rhythm within the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to use vertical spacing as a way to create meaningful blocks of content. Using bigger and smaller spaces to improve the visual hierarchy of your layout and to keep a consistent vertical rhythm within the page.
```

Reviewer 3: 👍

Reviewer: @FayeCarter I updated this one again, the original was more correct than my first suggestion.

Reviewer 3: 👍

### Typography spacing

> When using spacing between typographic elements, try to ensure legibility is prioritised. You can also use spacing to dictate the visual hierarchy of your text, using tighter spaces to create blocks of content and bigger spaces to separate unrelated bits of content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using spacing between typographic elements, try to prioritise legibility. You can also use spacing to dictate the visual hierarchy of your text, using tighter spaces to create blocks of content and bigger spaces to separate unrelated content.
```

Reviewer 3: 👍
